h1. Watch

Watch is a script reloader. Watch monitors local Javascript and CSS files for changes and automatically reloads the modified file in your browser. 


Examples:

Watch all CSS files for changes and reload them:
<code>&lt;script&gt;_watch.css("*");&lt;/script&gt;</code>

Watch 1 Javascript file for changes:
<code>&lt;script&gt;_watch.js("test.js");&lt;/script&gt;</code>

In this next example, <code>test.js</code> is a custom library that leaks 2 variables into the global namespace. We'll pass watch a cleanup function to remove the global variables (optional), and then a reinitialize function to reinit the <code>test.js</code> library.

Watch 1 Javascript file for changes, run a <code>cleanup</code>, reload the script, then run <code>reinit</code>:
<code>&lt;script&gt;
_watch.js(
  "test.js",
  function () { //cleanup
    delete window.testGlobal1;
    delete window.testGlobal2;
  },
  function () { //reinit 
    test.init(); 
  }
);
&lt;/script&gt;</code>

h3. Updates

Follow "@markmarkoh":http://twitter.com/markmarkoh for updates.

h3. Dependencies

The following needs to be installed to run watch:

* "Node":http://nodejs.org/
* "npm":https://github.com/isaacs/npm/

Watch requires the following libraries, which should install automatically:

* "Socket.io":https://github.com/learnboost/socket.io

h2. Installation

<pre>
npm install watch
</pre>

h3. Alternative Installation (from source)

<pre>
git clone git@github.com:markmarkoh/watch.git watch
cd watch
npm install
</pre>

h2. Running Watch

In the Terminal, change directory to the server root
<pre>cd ~/programs/web/sample
watch
</pre>

If everything is working, you should see a message like this:
<pre>Staring Watch.js server...
Watch.js server started on port 7202
Add <script src="http://localhost:7202/watch.js"></script> to your HTML
</pre>

Add that script to the *bottom* of your HTML document.


h4. Licence (GPL)

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see "http://www.gnu.org/licenses/":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
